Update xray-services-s3.md (#56)
awsdocs/aws-xray-developer-guide: doc-source/xray-services-s3.md

You can use the X\-Ray service map to view the connections between Amazon S3 and other services that your application uses\. You can also use the console to view metrics such as average latency and failure rates\. For more information about the X\-Ray console, see [AWS X\-Ray console](xray-console.md)\.

> Amazon S3 supports the *default http header* instrumentation\. The X\-Ray SDK automatically populates the trace header as an HTTP header when you call Amazon S3 through the AWS SDK\. The default trace header is carried by `X-Amzn-Trace-Id`\. To learn more about tracing headers, see [Tracing header](xray-concepts.md#xray-concepts-tracingheader) on the concept page\. Amazon S3 trace context propagation supports the following subscribers: Lambda, SQS, and SNS\. Because SQS and SNS are do not emit segment data themselves, they may not appear in your trace or service map when triggered by S3, even though they will propagate the trace context.

Reviewer: Do we know explicitly in what cases the trace won't appear? Is this wording accurate?

```suggestion
Amazon S3 supports *default http header* instrumentation\. The X\-Ray SDK automatically populates calls to Amazon S3 using the AWS SDK with an HTTP header containing the trace header\. The default trace header is carried by the `X-Amzn-Trace-Id` HTTP header\. To learn more about tracing headers, see [Tracing header](xray-concepts.md#xray-concepts-tracingheader) on the concept page\. Amazon S3 trace context propagation is enabled on the following subscribers: Lambda, SQS, and SNS\.

However, because SQS and SNS do not emit segment data themselves but instead only propagate the trace context to services that do emit segment data, if they are the *last* service in a request, they *will not* appear in your trace or service map when triggered by S3.
```

Author: Today, SQS and SNS will not ever appear after S3 in a trace/service map, whether they are the last service or an intermediate one (which is nearly always the case). However I think keeping things as simple as possible is important on documentation where people won't be tracing experts.
